---
title: CallforPapers|2021年定量中国研究研讨会征稿启事
date: 
author: 
tags: 
---
# CallforPapers|2021年定量中国研究研讨会征稿启事


收录于合集

**定量中国研究研讨会 -2021**

 **征稿启事**

纽约大学政治学系拟于2021年3月27日举办第五届定量中国研究研讨会（QCSS-2021）。由于全球疫情给旅行带来的不便，本次研讨会将在线上举行。我们欢迎各位老师和研究生同学向会议投稿。来稿应聚焦中国背景下重要的社科议题（包括政治经济学、政治行为、国际关系等领域），并采用严谨的分析方法（如博弈论、量化分析等）。本届会议旨在为世界各地研究中国的学者提供一个展示自己研究，并与同行进行深入交流的平台。往届会议的形式和与会人员名单请参见QCSS-2020网页：https://www.qcssnyu.com/qcss-4-nyu-2020.html。投稿请将论文发送到邮箱qcss2021@gmail.com。投稿截止时间是2020年12月31日23点59分（美国东部时间）。研讨会仅接受已完成的工作论文，未完成的论文或论文摘要将不会被考虑。研讨会的工作语言为英文，所提交的论文须由英文写作。我们将在2021年1月结束之前通知作者文章的录取决定。对于被接受的文章，我们将提供审稿意见，并邀请作者进行修改和再次提交。研讨会将邀请来自纽约大学和其他高校的知名学者对文章进行进一步讨论，并向作者提供第二轮修改意见。本次会议不收取任何费用。我们期待您的来稿。如有任何疑问请发送电子邮件到qcss2021@gmail.com。QCSS-2021筹备组赫宁，易向谦，陈昊瀚,
王也

 **Quantitative China Studies Seminar 2021** **Call for Papers**

Thefifth Quantitative China Studies Seminar (QCSS-2021) will be held on March
27,2021 (EST) by the Wilf Family Department of Politics, New York University.
Considering travel restrictions caused by the global pandemic, this year the
seminar will be held online. We are now accepting paper submissions from
faculty and graduate students working on topics related to Chinese politics.
We welcome papers that employ formal modeling or quantitative empirical
methods to study important questions in political economy, political behavior,
international relations and other subfields, using China as an empirical
context. We aim to provide an opportunity for researchers to present their
ongoing work and to receive valuable feedback that can help improve their
studies. For the format of the seminar, please refer to the program of
QCSS-2020 (https://www.qcssnyu.com/qcss-4-nyu-2020.html).

To submit your paper, please email your manuscript to qcss2021@gmail.com by
11:59 p.m. (EST) December 31, 2020. We only accept finished working papers.
Unfinished work or abstract will not be considered. Submitted papers should be
written in English. The working language of our seminar is English as well. We
will notify the authors of our decision by the end of January, 2021. Accepted
papers will be invited for revision and resubmission. At the seminar, they
will receive further discussions from discussants at NYU or other renowned
departments. The conference does not charge any registration fee.

We look forward to receiving your paper and seeing you at the seminar! Feel
free to contact us at qcss2021@gmail.com if you have questions.

Organizing Committee of QCSS-2021

NingHe, Sophie Xiangqian Yi, Haohan Chen, Ye Wang

  

![](/images/209/2.jpeg)

  

