---
title: CallforPapers|POLTEXT2019
date: 
author: 
tags: 
---
# CallforPapers|POLTEXT2019


收录于合集

**Call for Papers** ****

**POLTEXT 2019**

  

 ****

**The 3rd International Interdisciplinary Symposium on the Quantitative
Analysis of Textual Data**

  

14-15 September2019

Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan

The next POLTEXT symposium will take place in Tokyo, Japan in **September
2019**. The conference aims to facilitate the knowledge exchange between
social scientists and computer scientists who address social, political or
economic issues through the analysis of textual data by employing quantitative
methods. It also features multi-lingual analysis of textual data to promote
the methodology beyond the English language. In this, the symposium will be
the first of its kind in Japan. **Jonathan Slapin** (University of Essex) and
**Amy Catalinac** (New York University) have been confirmed as keynote
speakers related to these two themes, respectively.

  

We strongly encourage scholars who employ quantitative text analysis methods
to submit abstracts for presentation at the conference. Both **substantive and
methodological papers** will be accepted for presentation. Substantive
papersmay be related to any social science or humanities discipline as long as
the project is based on a quantitative analysis of textual data. Possible
subjects for methodological papers may include text classification, topic
modeling,information extraction, sentiment analysis, ideal point
estimation,argumentation mining, political reputation analysis, and
multilingual comparison.

  

Following the precedence of the previous POLTEXT Incubator Workshop in 2018,
we are planning to offer **free tutorial sessions** (e.g.Quantitative Text
Analysis in R, Quantitative Analysis of Textual Data using Machine Learning)
to participants on the day before the main event (13 September). If you are
interested in offering a tutorial on methods or text mining tools, please
contact the organizers.

  

The symposium is organized by Kohei Watanabe (Institute for Advanced Study,
Waseda University),Miklós Sebők (Centre for Social Sciences, Hungarian Academy
of Sciences) and Lisa Lechner (University of Innsbruck).

  

****

**Submission of Proposals and Papers**

Proposals, alongwith an abstract of 250 words and six keywords, should be
submitted via the submission form by **7 April 2019**.Notifications of
acceptance are due by 30 April. The registration deadline is 30 August. Full-
length papers must be uploaded by 31 August. Selected paperswill be published
in the symposium proceedings.

  

****

**Travel Grants for Early Career Presenters**

We understand that traveling to Japan is a costly affair. Therefore our aim is
to offer financial support to young scholars traveling from overseas with the
help of charitable foundations and sponsorship by Japanese scholars. If you
need financial support, please indicate in the abstract submission form. Full
or partialtravel funds will be available for graduate students and early
career researchers (up to four years since doctorate has been granted) who are
willing to take part in bi-lateral co-operations with Japanese scholars and
hostinstitutions. We will offer more detail on these travel options as soon
asfunds become available.

  

  

![](/images/451/2.jpeg)![](/images/451/3.jpeg)

  

