# 征稿启事：第二届定量中国研究研讨会(QCSS-2)


收录于合集

Callfor Papers

 **The Second Quantitative China StudiesSeminar**

September7, 2018

NewYork University

  

  

We are pleased to announce that theSecond Quantitative China Studies Seminar
(QCSS-2) will be held on September 7,2018, at 19 West 4th Street (NYU
Washington Square Campus).

The Quantitative China StudiesSeminar (QCSS), initially co-organized by New
York University (NYU), ColumbiaUniversity, and Princeton University, is a
working group that brings togetherscholars of Chinese political economy from
various places. The first QCSSconference (QCSS-1) was held by NYU last year
and five scholars from CornelUniversity, Princeton University, Columbia
University, MIT and NYU were invitedto present their work. In this year’s
conference, we continue to welcome papersubmission broadly associated with
issues regarding the development,governance, economy, society, politics and
public policy of China. Weespecially welcome those research projects employing
cutting-edge empiricalmethods or game-theoretical modelling techniques to
answer China-relatedquestions. We expect to have 4-6 papers to be presented in
QCSS-2 this year andeach paper will receive a detailed discussion from at
least one faculty memberof Department of Politics at NYU.

We are now accepting papers proposalsto the seminar. For submission, please
send the title and abstract of yourpaper, as well as the CV of the presenter
to the conference coordinator, ZhenhuanLei (zhenhuan.lei@nyu.edu), by 12a.m.
(EST) July 15th, 2018. We will notify authorsof selected papers by early
August, and if selected, presenters are invited tosubmit their complete paper
to us by August 24, 2018. The conference does notcharge any registration fee
and will be able to reimburse the travel costs ofstudent presenters who have
economic difficulty of commuting to New York.

For more information about QCSS,please visit https://www.qcssnyu.comor contact
the seminar coordinator Zhenhuan Lei (Zhenhuan.lei@nyu.edu).

We look forward to receiving yourpapers and meeting you at the seminar!

QCSS-2 Organizing Team

Department of Politics

New York University

  

  

* * *

  

征稿启事

 **第二届定量中国研究研讨会**

2018年9月7日

主办单位：纽约大学政治系

地点：美国纽约大学华盛顿公园校区

  

各位尊敬的学界同仁：

今年是中国改革开放40周年，中国的经济改革和增长取得了举世瞩目的成就，理解中国的经济增长、政治体制和治理模式成为了目前政治经济学研究中的一大主题。为促进对这些问题的研究，纽约大学政治系、哥伦比亚大学政治学系和普林斯顿大学政治系于去年共同筹办了第一届定量中国研究会议（QCSS-1），并决定今年继续在纽约大学举办这一会议。这次会议（QCSS-2）将于2018年9月7日（星期五）于纽约大学华盛顿公园校区举办，我们诚挚地邀请学界同仁赐稿。

  

在去年的第一届会议中，我们邀请到了来自于纽约大学、哥伦比亚大学、普林斯顿大学、康奈尔大学和麻省理工学院的五位学者汇报了他们的研究。这些报告紧扣学术研究中关于中国问题的热点，这包括中国的经济发展、治理模式、社会问题、公共政策、外交关系和政治制度等等。在今年的第二届会议中，我们将继续邀请来自于社会科学各个学科的同仁来纽约汇报与中国问题相关的论文，我们尤其欢迎能利用前沿数据分析方法和形式化模型分析中国政治经济问题的研究。本届会议预计将会展示4-6篇学术论文，每篇文章将会获得至少一位纽约大学政治系教授的点评（去年的点评人包括Adam
Przeworski, Bruce Bueno de Mesquita, Shanker Satyanath, David Denoon,James
Hsiung, Arturas Rozenas等）。

  

投稿办法：所有的稿件必须是以英文撰写和汇报。有意投稿的学者请于2018年7月15日（美国东部时间）前将论文题目、摘要和汇报人英文简历以电子邮件的形式提交给会议协调员雷镇环（zhenhuan.lei@nyu.edu）。我们将最迟在2018年8月初公布入选名单，并且邀请入选者最迟于2018年8月24日提交论文全文。本届会议现面向广大国内外各院校和研究所的专家学者和博士研究生征文，欢迎各位踊跃投稿。

  

本次会议不收取注册费，同时将对有旅费困难的研究生报告人将提供旅行资助。其他会议相关信息，请访问我们的官方网站（https://www.qcssnyu.com）或联系会议协调员雷镇环（zhenhuan.lei@nyu.edu）。

第二届定量中国研究研讨会主办团队

纽约大学政治系

2018年3月

  

![](/images/584/2.png)

  

