---
title: 政观快递|AJPSVol.66,No.1,2022
date: 2022-04-11 09:00:00
author: 
tags: ['政观快递']
---


收录于合集 #政观快递 2个

**期刊简介：** 《美国政治学杂志》（American Journal of Political Science,
AJPS）致力于在公民身份、治理和政治等知识领域取得重大进展。作为中西部政治科学协会的官方期刊，AJPS发表所有政治学领域的相关研究，包括美国政治、公共政策、国际关系、比较政治学、政治学方法论和政治学理论等。

  

 **编者按：**
政观对英文专业期刊摘要的翻译工作主要由团队中的在读硕士生和博士生自愿组织进行，受学生学识及翻译水平所限，译文可能有诸多不当之处，还望读者们见宥，也欢迎留言讨论。此外，由于版权所限，需要阅读原文的读者请通过所在学校/机构的图书馆数据库或其他途径访问下载。  

![](/images/8/2.jpeg)

  

 **期刊目录**  

1\. 人们还没受够专家：欧洲九个民主国家公民对专家治国的态度

People Haven t Had Enough of Experts: Technocratic Attitudes among Citizens in
Nine European Democracies

2\. 通过叛乱实现救赎: 边界变化、不团结和民族主义冲突

Redemption through Rebellion: Border Change, Lost Unity, and Nationalist
Conflict

3\. 法治中的描述性特征和对不当行为的看法：种族、性别和公众对法官是否公正的评估

Ascriptive Characteristics and Perceptions of Impropriety in the Rule of Law:
Race, Gender, and Public Assessments of Whether Judges Can Be Impartial

4\. 政策协商和游说选民：菲律宾一场选举中的实验证据

Policy Deliberation and Voter Persuasion: Experimental Evidence from an
Election in the Philippines

5\. 作为执纪者的政党：程序化宣传中的个人魅力和承诺问题

Parties as Disciplinarians: Charisma and Commitment Problems in Programmatic
Campaigning

6\. 人性与神性的两极：阿奎那与施密特的政治神学

Polarities of the Human and Divine: Aquinas and Schmitt on Political Theology

7\. 超越结果的行政问责：来自公众如何评价强硬首相的实验性证据

Executive Accountability Beyond Outcomes：Experimental Evidence on Public
Evaluations of Powerful Prime Mnisters

8\. 国会代表：选民视角下的问责

Congressional Representation: Accountability from the Constituent's
Perspective

9\. 叛军的战略与和平的前景

Rebel Strategies and the Prospects for Peace

10\. 相互竞争的主体？名单比例代表制中的立法代表权

Competing Principals? Legislative Representation in List Proportional
Representation Systems

11\. 所有总统的大法官？法官与总统的党派关系对最高法院工作认可度的影响

All the President's Justices? The Impact of Presidential Copartisanship on
Supreme Court Job Approval

12\. 冲突、保护欲与惩治：暴力在刚果民主共和国东部的影响

Conflict, Protection and Punishment: Repercussions of Violence in Eastern DR
Congo

13\. 利用多变量税收汇总实验测量对于公共开支的态度

Measuring Attitudes toward Public Spending Using a Multivariate Tax Summary
Experiment

14\. 战争如何改变土地：土壤肥力、未爆炸弹和柬埔寨的欠发达

How War Changes Land: Soil Fertility, Unexploded Bombs, and the
Underdevelopment of Cambodia

15\. 立法僵局，行政控制和国会中的非法定决策

Gridlock, Bureaucratic Control, and Nonstatutory Policymaking in Congress

16\. 圣诞节，新月和十字架：标志性的宗教符号何时会被接受？

Christmas, Crescents, and Crosses: When Is Symbolic Religious Establishment
Permissible?  

  

  

  

 **人们还没受够专家：**

 **欧洲九个民主国家公民对专家治国的态度**  

  

 **题 目：** People Haven t Had Enough of Experts: Technocratic Attitudes among
Citizens in Nine European Democracies

  

**作 者：** Eri Bertsou, 苏黎世大学比较政治学高级研究员；Daniele Caramani, 苏黎世大学比较政治学教授

  

 **摘 要：**
政治代表理论认为专家治国和民粹主义尽管在其各自倡导的代表制愿景上彼此对立，但共同构成了对政党民主的双重挑战。这些关系能否在公民偏好的层面进行实证观察，这又对其他形式的代表意味着什么？本文从专业性、精英主义和反政治三方面考察了公民对专家治国的态度，并利用潜伏组分析识别了欧洲九个民主国家中遵循技术治国、民粹主义和政党民主特征的公民团体。研究结果表明，专家治国态度是普遍的，且有意义地区分于民粹主义态度，尽管仍存在重要的重叠。作者考察了与政治行为相关的公民群体在人口统计和政治态度方面的差异，并强调公民对专业性需求的增加在推动其他治理类型的偏好方面发挥着作用。

  

Political representation theory postulates that technocracy and populism mount
a twofold challenge to party democracy, while also standing at odds with each
other in the vision of representation they advocate. Can these relationships
be observed empirically at the level of citizen preferences, and what does
this mean for alternative forms of representation? The article investigates
technocratic attitudes among citizens following three dimensions expertise,
elitism, and antipolitics and, using latent class analysis, identifies citizen
groups that follow a technocratic, populist, and party-democratic profile in
nine European democracies. Results show that technocratic attitudes are
pervasive and can be meaningfully distinguished from populist attitudes,
though important overlaps remain. We investigate differences in demographics
and political attitudes among citizen profiles that are relevant to political
behavior and conclude by highlighting the role that citizens increasing
demands for expertise play in driving preferences for alternative types of
governance  

  

  

  

 **通过叛乱实现救赎:**

 **边界变化、不团结和民族主义冲突**

  

 **题目** ：Redemption through Rebellion: Border Change, Lost Unity, and
Nationalist Conflict

  

 **作 者:** Lars-Erik Cederman, 瑞士联邦理工学院苏黎世分校比较和国际研究中心教授；Seraina Rüegger,
瑞士联邦理工学院苏黎世分校比较和国际研究中心高级研究员；Guy Schvitz,瑞士联邦理工学院苏黎世分校比较与国际研究中心博士后研究员。

  

 **摘 要：**
过去的边界变化是今天内战的原因吗？与传统的以国家为中心的研究设计不同，本文通过关注独立于国家边界的“聚合”民族群体来研究这个问题。本文引入了一个新的“领土分化”指数，以衡量这些群体在各个国家之间的分化程度，我们推测分化程度越高，发生内战的风险就越大。此外，本文预计，正如后帝国修正主义和其他种族隔离主义和分裂的案例所示，经历了分裂化加剧的群体更容易产生暴力倾向。为了验证研究论点，本文将民族聚居区的地理编码数据与新收集的1886年以来的国际边界数据相结合，并补充了主张民族主义的中介变量进行分析。本研究覆盖了自1946年至2017年的世界各地的民族群体，研究结果对纳入控制变量、固定效应和使用替代的历史族裔数据集是稳健的。

  

Are past border changes responsible for today’s civil wars? Departing from
conventional, state-centric research designs, this article examines this
question by focusing on “aggregate” ethnic groups, which are defined
independently of state borders. Introducing a new index of “territorial
fractionalization” that measures how fragmented such groups are across states,
we postulate that higher fragmentation is linked to a greater risk of civil
conflict. Furthermore, we expect that groups that experienced increases in
fragmentation are particularly violence prone, as illustrated by postimperial
revisionism and other cases of irredentism and secession. To test our
arguments, we combine geocoded data on ethnic settlement areas with our own
newly collected data on international borders since 1886, complemented by
mediation analysis based on ethnonationalist claims. Covering ethnic groups
around the world since 1946 through 2017, our findings are robust to the
inclusion of control variables, fixed effects, and the use of alternative
historical ethnicity data sets.  

  

  

  

**法治中的描述性特征和对不当行为的看法：**

 **种族、性别和公众对法官是否公正的评估**

  

 **题目：** Ascriptive Characteristics and Perceptions of Impropriety in the Rule
of Law: Race, Gender, and Public Assessments of Whether Judges Can Be
Impartial

  

 **作 者：** Yoshikuni Ono, 早稻田大学政治经济学院教授；Michael A. Zili，肯塔基大学政治学系副教授

  

 **摘 要：**
对程序公平的看法影响着法律的合法性，并且因为法律程序是可变的，改革法律程序可以加强对法治的支持。然而，法院当局最近面临着一个独特的挑战：法官基于他们自身身份特征的不正当指控，如性别、种族等。我们研究了这些特征在美国法律体系中的影响，并聚焦于公众认为女性和少数族裔法官表现出不正当行为的情况，以及其与对男性和白人法官看法的比较。作者发现，美国人利用法官的族裔和性别来推断法官偏袒哪些群体、她是否有固有的偏见、以及她是否应该回避。值得注意的是，我们发现在政治左翼和政治右翼中，对于女性和西裔法官的评价有很大的不同。

  

Perceptions of procedural fairness influence the legitimacy of the law and
because procedures are mutable, reforming them can buttress support for the
rule of law. Yet legal authorities have recently faced a distinct challenge:
accusations of impropriety based on their ascriptive characteristics (e.g.,
gender, ethnicity). We study the effect of these traits in the context of the
U.S. legal system, focusing on the conditions under which citizens perceive
female and minority judges as exhibiting impropriety and how this compares
with perceptions of their white and male counterparts. We find that Americans
use a judge's race and gender to make inferences about which groups the judge
favors, whether she is inherently biased, and whether she should recuse.
Notably, we find drastically different evaluations of female and Hispanic
judges among the political right and left.  

  

  

  

 **政策协商和游说选民：**

 **菲律宾一场选举中的实验证据**

  

 **题目：** Policy Deliberation and Voter Persuasion: Experimental Evidence from
an Election in the Philippines

  

 **作 者：** Gabriel López-Moctezuma，加州理工学院政治科学助理教授；Leonard
Wantchekon，普林斯顿大学公共与国际事务学院教授；Daniel Rubenson，瑞尔森大学政治学系教授；Thomas
Fujiwara，普林斯顿大学经济学系副教授；Cecilia Pe Lero，圣保罗大学博士后

  

 **摘 要：**
通过与在菲律宾国会选举中相互竞争的两个全国性政党的合作，研究者在本次选举中进行了一场随机实验。研究估计了市政厅式的竞选活动对投票行为的因果效应。在这种活动中，候选人与小群公民讨论其竞选纲领。研究者发现，在保持政党纲领不变的情况下，相比于选民扮演被动角色的现状，市政厅会议对政党的得票率有显著影响。与政党对弱势群体的主张相一致，研究者观察到收入、教育和性别方面的异质性影响。协商活动提升了选民对政党竞选议题的认识，影响了竞选纲领直接受益者的投票行为。

  

In a randomized experiment in cooperation with two national parties competing
in a congressional election in the Philippines, we estimate the causal effect
on voting behavior of a town-hall style campaign in which candidates discuss
their campaign platform with small groups of citizens. Keeping the parties'
platform fixed, we find that town-hall meetings have a positive effect on
parties' vote shares compared to the status quo, in which voters play a
passive role. Consistent with the parties' advocacy for underprivileged
groups, we observe heterogeneous effects by income, education, and gender.
Deliberative campaigns increase voters' awareness on the issues parties
campaign on, affecting the vote of the direct beneficiaries of the parties'
platform.  

  

  

  

 **作为执纪者的政党：**

 **程序化宣传中的个人魅力和承诺问题**  

  

 **题 目：** Parties as Disciplinarians: Charisma and Commitment Problems in
Programmatic Campaigning

  

 **作 者：** James R. Hollyer，明尼苏达大学政治学系副教授；Marko Klašnja，乔治城大学外交与政治学院助理教授；Rocío
Titiunik，普林斯顿大学政治学系教授

  

 **摘 要：**
本文研究了政党如何在严格的程序化宣传和具有个人魅力但可能不忠诚的候选人带来的选举吸引力之间进行平衡。作者将众所周知的集体行动困境考虑在内，这一困境因候选人无法充分吸收程序化品牌建设的成果而导致。尽管政党可以策略性地运用晋升手段以强化品牌建设效应，但作者指出，当对候选人个人魅力的选举回报处于高位时，政党可能无法实现这样的晋升方案。本文进一步论证了选举波动和党内派系忠诚如何影响他们用于激励品牌建设的投入。选举波动增加了对候选人个人魅力的关注并减少了程序化宣传，但这只会在团体信仰较弱的政党中发生。拥有忠追随者党员的政党既强调候选人个人魅力，也强调程序化宣传。基于跨国数据的实证分析以及对巴西、奥地利和西班牙的案例定性分析和定量分析与作者的预测相符。

  

We study how parties balance the benefits of disciplined programmatic
campaigning with the electoral appeal of charismatic but potentially
unfaithful candidates. We incorporate the well-known collective action problem
arising from candidates’ inability to fully internalize the fruits of
programmatic brand building. Although parties may strategically use promotions
to induce brand building efforts, we show that the party may be unable to
commit to such a promotion scheme when the electoral returns to candidate
charisma are high. We further demonstrate how electoral volatility and
parties’ ingroup loyalties shape their commitment to reward brand building.
Volatility increases the focus on candidate charisma and decreases
programmatic campaigning, but only among parties with weak group attachments.
Parties with loyal partisans place emphasis on both candidate charisma and
programmatic messaging. Empirical analyses of cross-national data and
quantitative and qualitative case studies in Brazil, Austria, and Spain are
consistent with our predictions.  

  

  

  

 **人性与神性的两极：  
**

 **阿奎那与施密特的政治神学**  

  

 **题 目：** Polarities of the Human and Divine: Aquinas and Schmitt on Political
Theology

  

 **作 者：** William McCormick，圣路易斯大学文理学院助理教授

  

 **摘 要：**
卡尔·施密特的考察产生了对于“政治神学”这一术语有影响力但是不全面的复兴。在本文中，作者考虑了施密特将政治神学简化为合法化或正当化功能的倾向。随后，作者转向阿奎那，来证明基督教的政治神学也对政治生活提出了有力的批评。在提出了三种批评标准后，作者解释了为何基督教神学表现出这种对政治生活的矛盾心理。作者认为，政治神学的传统可以被理解为调和这些传统的两级紧张关系的尝试。施密特和福科这些思想家强调了一组极性对另一组极性，而阿奎那实现了真正的调和。这种调和应该是政治神学的任务。最后，作者对政治神学的更新做出说明。

  

The investigations of Carl Schmitt yielded an influential but partial recovery
of the term “political theology.” In this article, I consider Schmitt's
tendentious reduction of political theology to a justifying or legitimizing
function. I then turn to Aquinas to demonstrate that Christian political
theology also offers robust criticism of political life. After laying out
three such standards for criticism, I account for why Christian political
theology exhibits this deep ambivalence toward political life. The traditions
of political theology, I argue, can be understood as attempts to harmonize
polar tensions with those traditions. Whereas thinkers like Schmitt and
Foucault emphasize one set of polarities against another, Aquinas effects a
genuine synthesis. This synthesis should be the task of political theology. I
close with notes toward the renewal of political theology.  

  

  

  

 **超越结果的行政问责：**

 **来自公众如何评价强硬首相的实验性证据**  

  

 **题目：** Executive Accountability Beyond Outcomes：Experimental Evidence on
Public Evaluations of Powerful Prime Mnisters

  

 **作 者：** Michael Becher 为西班牙企业学院副教授；Sylvain Brounard 为巴黎政治学院政治研究中心高级研究员

  

 **摘 要：**
尽管在多数民主国家行政机关拥有宪法赋予的权力来绕过多数主义立法过程来制定政策，但是政治学学者很少探求民众是否以及何时让行政机构对他们运用这些程序负责。为了在美国的总统制之外研究这个问题，本文对法国这样一个存在保密程序而致使政府相对于议会处于强势地位的国家进行大范围的调查实验。本文的实验认为,大众对政府部门的评价反映出了政策与程序之间的权衡。行政机构如果在立法过程中遭到了反对则要么接受政策的失败要么会冒着使用程序性权力的风险而受到惩罚。而民众却不接受这两种选择，采用保密程序推行政策比不推行能获得适中的支持。此外，在一些情形中行政机构不通过立法过程制定政策要比运用权力推行政策得到更多支持。

  

Although executives in many democracies have constitutional powers to
circumvent the majoritarian legislative process to make policy, political
scientists know relatively little about whether and when ordinary people hold
executives accountable for the process they use. To study this issue beyond
the American presidency, we conduct a series of large survey experiments in
France, where the institution of the confidence procedure puts the government
in a strong position relative to parliament. Our experiments highlight that
public evaluations of the executive reflect a fundamental trade-off between
policy and process. If they face significant opposition in the legislative
process, executives either have to accept policy failure or risk punishment
for the use of procedural force. People dislike both results, and the average
popularity gain of using the confidence procedure over not delivering the
policy is modest. Moreover, in some contexts, executives are strictly better
off not legislating rather than applying force.  

  

  

  

 **国会代表：选民视角下的问责**  

  

 **题目：** Congressional Representation: Accountability from the Constituent's
Perspective

  

 **作 者：** Stephen Ansolabehere, 哈佛大学政府学院教授; Shiro Kuriwaki, 耶鲁大学政治学系助理教授

  

 **摘 要：**
选民要求代表在立法决定中对其负责这一前提，是政治学中的民主理论以及法学中的法定解释理论的基础。然而围绕这一议题的研究很少，仅研究了少数几个问题，并得到了矛盾的结果。本文在个人层面提供了一个对议题问责的广泛评估。本文追踪了7次国会（2016-2018）对44项法案的唱票，并把它们与选民对其代表投票的看法以及对其代表的评价联系起来。相关性检验、工具变量和实验方法的研究都表明，选民会要求代表对其负责。选民对其与代表之间议题一致性的感知每增加一个标准差，会使净支持率提高35个百分点。然而国会选区是不均匀的。因此，在地区层面上，议题一致性对投票的影响小很多，这也解决了微观和宏观层面的明显差异。

  

The premise that constituents hold representatives accountable for their
legislative decisions undergirds political theories of democracy and legal
theories of statutory interpretation. But studies of this at the individual
level are rare, examine only a handful of issues, and arrive at mixed results.
We provide an extensive assessment of issue accountability at the individual
level. We trace the congressional roll-call votes on 44 bills across seven
Congresses (2006–18), and link them to constituent's perceptions of their
representative's votes and their evaluation of their representative.
Correlational, instrumental variables, and experimental approaches all show
that constituents hold representatives accountable. A one-standard deviation
increase in a constituent's perceived issue agreement with their
representative can improve net approval by 35 percentage points. Congressional
districts, however, are heterogeneous. Consequently, the effect of issue
agreement on vote is much smaller at the district level, resolving an apparent
discrepancy between micro and macro studies.  

  

  

  

 **叛军的战略与和平的前景**  

  

 **题 目：** Rebel Strategies and the Prospects for Peace

  

 **作 者：** Xiaoyan Qiu, 西班牙IE大学全球与公共事务学院助理教授

  

 **摘 要：**
著名的正式冲突理论对内战如何开始和结束颇有见地，但对内战在战时如何进行却了解甚少。一个普遍的模式是，叛军的冲突策略随时间变化有很大的不同，从游击队到常规战术。为什么叛军会在不同的战斗策略之间转换？这种转换如何影响内战谈判？本研究建立了一个叛军-
政府谈判的模型，其中叛军在整个多阶段战争中选择战斗策略。分析表明，叛军在获得实力后会从游击战术转为常规战术，而增长的预期会延迟叛军向常规战斗的转变。不同战斗策略之间的潜在转换削弱了和平的前景，延长了内战的时间。最终，本文确定了一般条件，在这些条件下，无论双方如何谈判，也无法达到和平。这些条件符合许多叛乱的初期特征，从而解释了在叛乱早期缺乏严肃谈判的现象。

  

Prominent formal theories of conflict provide considerable insight into how
civil wars begin and end, but offer little understanding of how they proceed
during wartime. One prevalent pattern is that rebel strategies vary
significantly within conflicts over time, from guerrilla to conventional
tactics. Why do rebels switch between different fighting strategies? How does
the transition affect civil war negotiations? I develop a model of
rebel–government negotiation in which rebels choose fighting strategies
throughout a multiperiod war. The analysis shows that rebels switch from
guerrilla to conventional tactics after gaining strength, and the expectation
of growth delays rebels’ transition to conventional fighting. The potential
switch between different fighting strategies hurts the prospects for peace and
prolongs civil wars. I identify the generic conditions under which peace is
infeasible, no matter how belligerents negotiate. These conditions
characterize the incipient stages of many rebellions, thereby explaining the
lack of serious negotiations early on.  

  

  

  

**相互竞争的主体？**

 **名单比例代表制中的立法代表权**  

  

 **题 目：** Competing Principals? Legislative Representation in List
Proportional Representation Systems

  

 **作 者：** Peter Buisseret, 哈佛大学政府系助理教授；Carlo Prato，哥伦比亚大学政治学系助理教授

  

 **摘 要：**
作者提出了一个新的框架来研究名单比例代表制中的立法代表权。该模型研究了立法者在各种名单比例代表制下平衡政党领袖和当地选民之间相互竞争的利益的动机。作者考察了开放式的和封闭式的名单，以及灵活的名单
--
其中等级分配和偏好投票都决定了席位的填补顺序。结果发现，更多的灵活性会损害地方代表权。名单的灵活性也是选民的党派偏见影响政党凝聚力的关键中介变量。而且分析显示，在所有的投票制度下，选区规模越大代表们越倾向于遵从政党的路线。

  

We develop a new framework to study legislative representation in list
proportional representation (PR) systems. Our model studies a legislator’s
incentives to balance the competing interests of party leaders and local
voters under a variety of list PR systems. We consider open and closed lists,
as well as flexible lists—in which both rank assignments and preference votes
determine the order in which seats are filled. We find that more flexibility
can worsen local representation. List flexibility also acts as a key mediator
of the effect of voter partisanship on party cohesion. And, our analysis
reveals that higher district magnitude encourages representatives to toe the
party line under all ballot systems.  

  

  

  

**所有总统的大法官？** **  
**

 **法官与总统的党派关系对最高法院工作认可度的影响**

  

 **题 目：** All the President's Justices? The Impact of Presidential
Copartisanship on Supreme Court Job Approval

  

 **作 者：** Brandon L. Bartels, 乔治·华盛顿大学政治学系教授；Eric Kramon, 乔治·华盛顿大学政治学系教授

  

 **摘 要：**
最高法院的工作认可度与它的决策有明显的关系。作者通过总统任命机制将与现任总统属同一党派如何影响最高法院的工作认可度进行理论化，填补了既有文献的空白。对1986年至2019年的数据分析（辅以更长期的信心数据）表明，与总统同党的党派对法院的认可度明显高于其他党派。围绕奥巴马向特朗普过渡期间的显著事件进行的美国追踪调查分析显示，在特朗普选举获胜后，共和党人对法院的认可度明显上升，他们对特朗普改变法院的前景有预期。民主党人的认可度仅在大法官戈尔苏赫的任命得到确认后才明显下降。他们的反应不是根据预期，而是回应性的。本文的研究结果产生了新的证据，表明总统如何构建对最高法院的公众舆论，这对司法独立和正当性具有重要意义。

  

Supreme Court job approval is sensibly connected to its decisions,
particularly salient ones. We fill a gap in the literature by theorizing—via a
presidential appointment mechanism—how partisan alignment with the incumbent
president (presidential copartisanship) influences Supreme Court job approval.
Analysis of data from 1986 to 2019 (supplemented by longer-term confidence
data) shows that a president's copartisans are significantly more approving of
the Court than outpartisans. Analysis of the American Panel Survey surrounding
high-salience events during the transition from Obama to Trump shows that
Republicans, who significantly increase in Court approval following Trump's
election victory, are anticipatory of Trump's prospects of changing the Court.
Democrats, whose approval significantly declines only after Justice Gorsuch's
confirmation, are not anticipatory but reactive to the president's confirmed
appointee. Our findings generate new evidence of how the president structures
public opinion toward the Court, which has important implications for judicial
independence and legitimacy.  

  

  

  

 **冲突、保护欲与惩治：**

 **暴力在刚果民主共和国东部的影响**  

  

 **题 目：** Conflict, Protection and Punishment: Repercussions of Violence in
Eastern DR Congo

  

 **作 者：** Summer Lindsey ，罗格斯大学助理教授

  

 **摘 要：**
武装冲突如何影响人们容忍对妇女施加暴力行为的态度？本文运用来自刚果民主共和国20个村庄的80个焦点小组的原始定量数据和配对设计，检验武装冲突对人们如何惩治对妇女实施犯罪的影响。这些数据对暴力侵害妇女理论中的单向逻辑提出了挑战，数据显示，当地武装暴力增加了男性对严惩强奸的偏好，但同时减少了男性和女性对严惩家庭暴力的偏好。在归纳的基础上，本文构建一个带有保护性质的男性化规范来解释武装冲突带来的性别分化和犯罪的具体影响。当武装冲突激起了当地男性的保护欲，那么被视为对社群产生威胁的犯罪与“私人”罪行便有了区别。

  

How does armed conflict affect attitudes that tolerate violence against women?
This article examines the effects of armed violence on preferences for
punishing crimes against women using original quantitative data from 80 focus
groups across 20 villages in Democratic Republic of Congo and a matched pair
design. Challenging unidirectional logics within theories of violence against
women, the data reveal that local exposure to armed violence increases how
severely men prefer to punish rape while decreasing how severely men and women
prefer to punish domestic violence. Building inductively, I develop a theory
of protective masculine norms to account for armed conflict's gendered and
crime-specific effects. When armed violence heightens demand for local male
protection, crimes perceived to pose a community threat are affected
differently from "private" crimes.  

  

  

  

 **利用多变量税收汇总实验测量对于公共开支的态度**  

  

 **题 目：** Measuring Attitudes toward Public Spending Using a Multivariate Tax
Summary Experiment

  

 **作 者：** Lucy Barnes，伦敦大学学院政治学系副教授；Jack Blumenau，伦敦大学学院政治学系讲师；Benjamin E.
Lauderdale，伦敦大学学院政治学系教授

  

 **摘 要：**
由于公众对政府现行支出的理解有限以及预算问题的复杂，公众对开支优先次序权衡取舍的态度很难测量。作者利用一种连续处理的方式提出了多变量选择的实验方法。本实验用赤字的稳定来中和开支和税收的共同增长，这使作者能够调查公众对于现行预算调整的态度。本文随后利用结构选择模型评估公众对支出类型和税收水平的平均偏好并以此作为受访者特征的函数。在测量中，本文发现，英国公众对在主要预算类型上增加开支而交税的偏好在提升，且这种开支偏好是多维的；同时，年轻人相较老年人更偏好于低水平的税收和开支。

  

It is difficult to measure public views on trade-offs between spending
priorities because public understanding of existing government spending is
limited and the budgetary problem is complicated. We present a new measurement
strategy using a continuous treatment, multivariate choice experiment. The
experiment proposes deficit-neutral bundles of changes in spending and
taxation, allowing us to investigate attitudes toward modifications to the
existing budget. We then use a structural choice model to estimate public
preferences over spending categories and the taxation level, on average and as
a function of respondent attributes. In our application, we find that the UK
public favors paying more in tax to finance large spending increases across
major budget categories, that spending preferences are multidimensional, and
that younger people prefer lower levels of taxation and spending than older
people.  

  

  

  

 **战争如何改变土地：  
**

 **土壤肥力、未爆炸弹和柬埔寨的欠发达**

  

 **题 目：** How War Changes Land: Soil Fertility, Unexploded Bombs, and the
Underdevelopment of Cambodia

  

 **作 者：** Erin Lin，俄亥俄州立大学政治学助理教授

  

 **摘 要：**
暴力的影响远远超过了施暴政权的生命周期。那么过去的政治暴力如何影响了后续的发展与实践呢？之前的研究主要关注暴力的破坏性，而没有过多关注冲突地区遗留的武器问题。本文认为未爆蛋对农民生计造成了直接而紧迫的威胁。在这种环境下，人们倾向于提高贴现率，避免投资那些回报周期长且会产生安全成本的活动。农业生产的短期化催生了长期的不发达和贫困。在柬埔寨，本文发现历史上对高肥力土地的轰炸，冲击引信击中软土地导致未爆蛋概率增加，这降低了当地家庭的生产力与福利。与直觉相反，最肥沃的土地变得生产力最低。这种命运的逆转证明了一个假设。即战后经济将会回归稳定增长。

  

How does past political violence impact subsequent development and practices,
long beyond the life of the regime that perpetrated violence? Prior research
focuses on physical destruction without much attention to weapons left behind
in conflict zones. I contend that unexploded ordnance create direct and
imminent threats to rural livelihoods. Individuals respond by shortening time
horizons and avoiding investment in activities for which there is an immediate
security cost but a distant return. Short-term adjustments in agricultural
methods accumulate to long-term underdevelopment and poverty. In Cambodia, I
find that the historic bombing of high-fertility land, where impact fuses hit
soft ground and were more likely to fail, reduces contemporary household
production and welfare. Counterintuitively, the most fertile land becomes the
least productive. This reversal of fortune qualifies the presumption that
post-war economies will eventually converge back to steady-state growth.  

  

  

  

 **立法僵局，行政控制和国会中的非法定决策**  

  

 **题 目：** Gridlock, Bureaucratic Control, and Nonstatutory Policymaking in
Congress

  

 **作 者：** Alexander Bolton, 埃默里大学政治学系助理教授

  

 **摘 要：**
国会中日益严峻的意识形态极化和功能失调使得人们质疑其能否在分权的政治体制中维持其制衡的能力。在本文中，我讨论了这样一种现象，即国会使用非法定的决策工具来克服意识形态极化带来的立法僵局从而实现对行政部门的制衡。我利用两院拨款委员会发布的1923至2019财年的报告编制了一个新数据集，从而实证地研究其中的动力机制，并检验我的观点。传统上，这些报告主要是国会指导机构在拨款过程中制定政策的工具。当通过立法最为困难及跨部门行动难题最为严峻时，委员会将会越来越多地诉诸这种方式。通过这种方式，即便在国会面临立法僵局导致的失能时，非法定的机制也有利于实现不同机构之间的权力制衡。

  

Increasing ideological polarization and dysfunction in Congress raise
questions about whether and how Congress remains capable of constraining the
activities of other actors in the separation of powers system. In this
article, I argue Congress uses nonstatutory policymaking tools to overcome the
burdens of legislative gridlock in an increasingly polarized time to constrain
executive branch actors. I leverage a new data set of committee reports issued
by the House and Senate appropriations committees from fiscal years 1923
through 2019 to empirically explore these dynamics and evaluate my argument.
Traditionally, these reports are a primary vehicle through which Congress
directs agency policymaking in the appropriations process. Committees
increasingly turn to them when passing legislation is most difficult and
interbranch agency problems are most pronounced. In this way, nonstatutory
mechanisms may help maintain the balance of power across branches, even when
Congress faces gridlock-induced incapacity.  

  

  

  

 **圣诞节，新月和十字架：**

 **标志性的宗教符号何时会被接受？**  

  

 **题 目：** Christmas, Crescents, and Crosses: When Is Symbolic Religious
Establishment Permissible?

  

 **作 者：** Aurélia Bardon，康斯坦茨大学政治理论初级教授

  

 **摘 要：** 标志性的宗教象征(Symbolic religious establishment
SRE)是国家对宗教的非强制性认知，其已经成为政治哲学中日益重要的讨论对象。尽管标志性的宗教象征纯粹是符号性的，但仍然有人认为其中可能表达了政治不平等的信息，因而是误导性的。这种表达主义论证的不确定性使其很难应用。本文的目的是通过为标志性的宗教象征的评价提供明确的指导来强化表达主义论证的适用性。我提出了一个三步测试来区别可被接受和不可被接受的标志性宗教象征。如果宗教象征是分裂的、政治性和难以被合理证成的，那么它就会因其内含的排他性信息而难以被接受。这一论点的重要性在于，被历史遗产的价值所吸引本身不能为宗教符号的引入提供合理性证成，因此这种新的象征总是难以被接受的。

  

Symbolic religious establishment (SRE), that is, the noncoercive recognition
of religion by the state, has become the object of a growing debate in
political philosophy. Although SRE is purely symbolic, some have argued that
it can be wrong because of the message of political inequality that it sends.
The indeterminacy of this expressive argument makes its application
problematic, however. The objective of this article is to improve the
applicability of the expressivist argument by providing clear guidelines of
evaluation of SRE. I develop a three-step test that helps distinguish
permissible from impermissible cases of SRE: religious symbols that are
divisive, political, and not appropriately justified are impermissible because
of their exclusionary message. One important upshot of the argument is that
the appeal to the value of heritage does not provide a plausible justification
for the introduction of new religious symbols, and therefore that such neo-
establishment is always impermissible.

  

编译/审校：殷昊、卓晔、赵徳昊、施榕、邓嘉宁、韩丽嵘、吴温泉、康张城

整理：施榕、赵德昊

编辑：邓嘉宁

  

