

收录于合集

**![](/images/680/2.jpeg)**

**Call for Proposals**

**第** **30** **届中国政治研究学会 **(**** **ACPS)** **年会征文**

**【提交摘要即可，3月7日截至】**

  

 **“Three Decades of Chinese Political Studies: Reflecting the Past,
Prospecting the Future”**

Association of Chinese Political Studies

The 30th Annual Meeting and International Symposium

Hosted by Zhou EnlaiSchool of Government, Nankai University

June 10-11, 2017

Tianjin, China

**The deadline for proposal submission is Tuesday, March 7, 2017.**

**简介**

 **Introduction** ****

The Association of Chinese Political Studies (ACPS) will hold its 30th annual
meeting and international symposium between **June 10-11, 2017 in Tianjin,
China**. Since its founding in 1986, ACPS has provided a platform to bring
together Chinese political studies scholars from around the world. ACPS now
has nearly 1,000 individual members from more than a dozen countries across
four continents. The ACPS flagship journal— _the Journal of Chinese Political
Science_ —is moving up the ranks and becoming an increasingly influential
outlet for some of the best workin the field.

ACPS is pleased to announce that **Nankai University’s Zhou Enlai School of
Government will host the conference**. Founded in 1919, Nankai University is
one of the oldest and most prestigious universities in China. Named after
China’s most respected leader and states man,the Zhou Enlai School of
Government was established in May 2004. It consists of six academic programs
(Politics, Public Administration, International Relations, Sociology, Social
Work and Social Policy, and Social Psychology) and is the home of multiple
world-renowned research centers.

**会议主题**

 **Conference Theme**

Over the past few decades, the field of Chinese political studies has
experienced very rapid growth. The current areas of active research have
embraced **a rich variety of new data sources, methodological approaches, and
interdisciplinary lenses.** To showcase cutting-edge China studies
scholarship, we **invite papers that analyze China’s contemporary
international and domestic political issues from new theoretical frameworks
and using sound and innovative methodological tools.** At the same time, we
are also **interested in papers that comment and reflect on the recent history
of Chinese political studies.**

**发表机会**

 **Publication Opportunities**

Exemplary conference papers will **have the opportunity to be published in
edited book volumes as well as to be considered for publication in the ACPS’s
flagship journal, the _Journal of Chinese Political Science_. **JCPS was
recently accepted into ESCI, Thomson Reuter's Emerging Sources Citation Index,
a new index in the Web of Science Core Collection. **The journal is also
currently under review for acceptance into SSCI, the Social Sciences Citation
Index.**

 **  
**

 ** **![](/images/680/3.jpeg)****

**提交程序**

 **Proposal Submission Procedures**

**The deadline for proposal submission is Tuesday, March 7, 2017.** Current
ACPS members will receive priority consideration, though we seek high quality
proposals in congruence with the conference theme. **The proposal review
committee will also consider panel proposals consisting of 4-5 papers sharing
a coherent theme.**

Paper and panel proposals should **be submitted via e-mail to
**acpsus.org@gmail.com****. **For paper proposals, please include** : (1)
paper title and abstract; (2) each author’s full name, institutional
affiliation and contact information. The e-mail subject line for paper
submissions should be “Paper Proposal Submission ACPS_Nankai 2017.” **For
panel submissions, please include** : (1) panel title; (2) each paper’s title
and abstract; (3) each author’s fullname, institutional affiliation, and
contact information; (4) full name and contact information of the panel chair
and discussant. Please use “Panel Proposal Submission ACPS_Nankai 2017” as the
e-mail subject line.

**论文的接受**

 **Acceptance of Proposals**

The review committee will **issue notifications of acceptance, via email, to
the primary author listed in the paper or panel proposal.** Notifications will
be distributed in March 2017.

**会议注册程序**

 **Conference Registration Procedures**

Those whose papers are accepted and plan to attend the conference must
register for the conference and pay a non-refundable registration fee via the
ACPS website by May 1,2017. Individuals who have paid their ACPS membership
dues and conference registration fees in full are **entitled to three free
nights of lodging(June 9-11) and group meals throughout the duration of the
conference.**

**志愿服务**

 **Volunteering**

We welcome expressions of interest from conference participants willing to
serve as panel chairs and discussants.

**联系方式**

 **Contact**

For questions regarding the conference, please e-mail:
**acpsus.org@gmail.com**.

  

  

