---
title: 编读往来|《如何测量国家能力？》的参考文献
date: 2021-04-22 09:00:00
author: 政文观止
tags: ['编读往来', '国家建构与国家发展', '比较政治学']
---


收录于合集

#编读往来 2 个

#国家建构与国家发展 70 个

#比较政治学 121 个

感谢大家对《[如何测量国家能力？](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzI5ODY0MTQ1OA==&mid=2247489485&idx=1&sn=72cc0c938a0ba41c26aec76ee2b28a88&chksm=eca3e690dbd46f860f6ccd34857dd8756ee95e609329a8a2c31a400fb864de74a73b1287afef&scene=21#wechat_redirect)》一文的关注、建议与批评，本文为原创推送，由于正文内容本身较长，为阅读体验计，我们在之前推送时没有一并列出参考文献。为了方便大家进一步了解国家能力理论和国家能力测量的问题，在此我将写作过程中所参考和引述的文献一一列出，方便大家按图索骥。如果大家对这一议题有好的文献推荐，也请大家不吝赐教，相关建议、评论我们也会放在留言区供大家参考。

 **参考文献：  
**

[1] [澳]琳达.维斯、[英]约翰.M.霍布森：《国家与经济发展：一种比较历史分析》，黄兆辉、廖志强译，吉林出版集团有限责任公司, 2008年版。

[2] [英]迈克尔·曼：《社会权力的来源第二卷》，陈海宏等译，上海人民出版社，2007年版。

[3] 欧树军：《国家基础性能力的基础》，中国社会科学出版社，2013年版。

[4] [美]乔尔·米格代尔：《强社会与弱国家：第三世界的国家社会关系及国家能力》，张长东等译，江苏人民出版社，2012年版。

[5] Acemoglu, D., Johnson, S., & Robinson, J. A., The colonial origins of
comparative development: An empirical investigation, _American economic
review_ , Vol.91, No.5, 2001, pp. 1369-1401.

[6] Acemoglu, D., Garcia-Jimeno, C., & Robinson, J., A. State capacity and
economic development: A network approach, _American Economic Review_ ,
Vol.105, No.8,2015, pp. 2364-2409.

[7] Bratton, M., & Chang, E. C., State building and democratization in sub-
Saharan Africa: forwards, backwards, or together?, _Comparative political
studies_ , Vol.39, No.9, 2006, pp. 1059-1083.

[8] Bustikova, L., & Corduneanu-Huci, C., Patronage, trust, and state
capacity: The historical trajectories of clientelism, _World Politics_ ,
Vol.69, No.2, 2017, pp.277-326.

[9] Cappelen, Christoffer, and Jason Sorens, Pre-colonial centralisation,
traditional indirect rule, and state capacity in Africa, _Commonwealth &
Comparative Politics_, Vol.56, No.2, 2018, pp. 195-215.

[10] Centeno, M. A., Kohli, A., & Yashar, D. J., Unpacking states in the
developing world: capacity, performance, and politics. In Centeno, M. A.,
Kohli, A., & Yashar, D. J. eds. _States in the Developing World_ , 2017, pp.
1-34.

[11] Clague, C., Keefer, P., Knack, S., & Olson, M., Contract-intensive money:
contract enforcement, property rights, and economic performance, _Journal of
economic growth_ , Vol.4, No.2, 1999, pp. 185-211.

[12] Dargent, E., Feldmann, A. E., & Luna, J. P., Greater state capacity,
lesser stateness: Lessons from the Peruvian commodity boom. _Politics &
Society_, Vol.45, No.1, 2017, pp.3-34.

[13] DeRouen Jr, K., Ferguson, M. J., Norton, S., Park, Y. H., Lea, J., &
Streat-Bartlett, A, Civil war peace agreement implementation and state
capacity, _Journal of Peace Research_ , Vol.47, No.3, 2010, pp.333-346.

[14] Dincecco, M., & Prado, M. Warfare, fiscal capacity, and performance.
_Journal of Economic Growth_ , Vol.17, No.3, 2012, pp.171-203.

[15] Evans, P. B., & Rauch, J. E., Bureaucracy and growth: A crossnational
analysis of the effects of “Weberian” state structures on economic growth,
_American Sociological Review_ , Vol.60, No. 5, 1999, 748-765.

[16] Evans, P. B., _Embedded autonomy: States & industrial transformation_,
Princeton University Press, 1995.

[17] Dincecco, M., & Katz, G., State capacity and long‐run economic
performance, _The Economic Journal_ , Vol. 126, No.590, 2014, pp. 189-218.

[18] Fearon, J. D., & Laitin, D. D, Ethnicity, insurgency, and civil war,
_American political science review_ , Vol. 97, No.1, 2003, pp. 75-90.

[19] Fearon, J. D., Primary commodity exports and civil war, _Journal of
conflict Resolution_ , Vol.49, No.4, 2015，pp. 483-507.

[20] Fortin, J, Is there a necessary condition for democracy? The role of
state capacity in postcommunist countries, _Comparative political studies_ ,
Vol.45, No.7, 2012, pp. 903-930.

[21] Fortin-Rittberger, J., Exploring the relationship between infrastructural
and coercive state capacity, _Democratization_ , Vol.21, No.7, 2014, pp.
1244-1264.

[22] Garfias, F., Elite competition and state capacity development: Theory and
evidence from post-revolutionary Mexico, _American Political Science Review_ ,
Vol.112, No.2, 2018, pp. 339-357.

[23] Hanson, J. K., & Sigman, R., Leviathan's latent dimensions: Measuring
State capacity for comparative political research, In _APSA 2011 Annual
meeting paper_ , 2013.

[24] Hendrix, C. S., Measuring state capacity: Theoretical and empirical
implications for the study of civil conflict, _Journal of Peace Research_ ,
Vol.47, No,3, 2010, pp. 273-285.

[25] Henderson. J.V.et al, Measuring economic growth from outer space,
_American Economic Review_ , Vol.102, No.2, 2012, 994-1028.

[26] Kaufmann, D., Kraay, A., & Mastruzzi, M., _Governance matters III:
Governance indicators for 1996–2002_. The World Bank, 2003.

[27] Knutsen, C. H., _Democracy, state capacity, and economic growth, World
Development_ , Vol.43, 2013, pp. 1-18.

[28] Kugler, Jacek & Marina Arbetman, Relative political capacity: Political
extraction and political research, In: M Arbetman & J Kugler, (eds) _Political
Capacity and Economic Behavior_ , Boulder, CO: Westview,1997, pp. 11–46.

[29] Lange, M., Mahoney, J., & Vom Hau, M., Colonialism and development: a
comparative analysis of Spanish and British colonies, _American Journal of
Sociology_ , Vol.111, No.5, 2006, pp. 1412-1462.

[30] Lange, M., & Balian, H., Containing conflict or instigating unrest? A
test of the effects of state infrastructural power on civil violence, _Studies
in Comparative International Development_ , Vol.43, No.3-4, 2008, p. 314.

[31] Lee, M. M., & Zhang, N., Legibility and the informational foundations of
state capacity, _The Journal of Politics_ , Vol. 79, No.1, 2017, pp. 118-132.

[32] Luna, J. P., & Soifer, H. D., Capturing Sub-National Variation in State
Capacity: A Survey-Based Approach. _American Behavioral Scientist_ , Vol.61,
No.8, 2017, pp. 887-907.

[33] Mann, M., The autonomous power of the state: its origins, mechanisms and
results, _European Journal of Sociology_ , Vol.25, No.2, 1984, pp. 185-213.

[34] PRS Group, ICRG methodology, The PRS Group, 2011.

[35] Savoia, A., & Sen, K., Measurement, evolution, determinants, and
consequences of state capacity: a review of recent research. _Journal of
Economic Surveys_ , Vol.29, No.3, 2015, pp. 441-458.

[36] Slater, D., Can leviathan be democratic? Competitive elections, robust
mass politics, and state infrastructural power, _Studies in Comparative
International Development_ , Vol.43, No.3-4, 2008, pp. 252-272.

[37] Soifer, H., & Vom Hau, M., Unpacking the strength of the state: The
utility of state infrastructural power, _Studies in Comparative International
Development_ , Vol.43, No.3-4, 2008, p. 219.

[38] Soifer, H. D., Measuring state capacity in contemporary Latin America,
_Revista de Ciencia Política_ , Vol.32, No.3, 2012.

[39] Soifer, Hillel David., State power and the economic origins of democracy,
_Studies in Comparative International Development_ , Vol.48, No.1, 2013,
pp.1-22.

[40] Soifer, H., The Development of State Capacity, in Orfeo Fioretos, Tulia
G. Falleti, and Adam Sheingate eds. _The Oxford Handbook of Historical
Institutionalism_ , Oxford University Press, 2016, pp.181-194.

[41] Thies, C. G., State building, interstate and intrastate rivalry: A study
of post-colonial developing country extractive efforts, 1975–2000,
_International Studies Quarterly_ , Vol. 48, No.1, 2004, pp. 53-72.

[42] Wang, Y., Coercive capacity and the durability of the Chinese communist
state, _Communist and Post-Communist Studies_ , Vol.47, No.1, 2014, pp. 13-25.  

  

撰文：赵德昊 编辑：蒋晟  

  

  

